ROX-27623: Document CRD upgrade steps for Helm (#93318)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/upgrade-crd-helm.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * upgrading/upgrade-helm.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="upgrade-crd-helm{context}"]

> = Prepare CRD for upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Preparing the custom resource definition for upgrade
```

[role="_abstract"]

> If upgrading from 4.6 or 4.7, the `SecurityPolicy` custom resource definition (CRD) needs to be prepared in order to avoid upgrade errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If upgrading from version 4.6 or 4.7, you must prepare the `SecurityPolicy` custom resource definition (CRD) to avoid upgrade errors.
```

.Procedure

> * Apply Helm-specific labels and annotations to the CRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apply Helm-specific labels and annotations to the CRD by running the following commands:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc <1> annotate crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io meta.helm.sh/release-name=stackrox-central-services <2>
$ oc annotate crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io meta.helm.sh/release-namespace=stackrox <3>
$ oc label crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=Helm

> ----

Reviewer: Annotations can't be in the middle of the line and we have to break up commands into one per code block ([guidance](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#single-command-per-code-block)), so it should be as follows:

```
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc annotate crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io meta.helm.sh/release-name=stackrox-central-services <1>
----
<1> If you use Kubernetes, enter `kubectl` instead of `oc`. Adjust the value of the `release-name` from the default of `stackrox-central-services` as needed.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc annotate crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io meta.helm.sh/release-namespace=stackrox <1>
----
<1> If you use Kubernetes, enter `kubectl` instead of `oc`. Adjust the value of the `release-namespace` from the default of `stackrox-central-services` as needed.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc label crd/securitypolicies.config.stackrox.io app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=Helm <1>
----
<1> If you use Kubernetes, enter `kubectl` instead of `oc`.
```
